# Ukathe, Hadii // 23.3.5016u
* 0900 CrST // THRONEBREAKERS discuss their findings from individual expeditions and make a plan
* 0930 CrST // ThRONEBREAKERS meet with Elder Augur Proxima, who relates to them about his visions, directing them to investigate the drones. 
* 0957 CrST // THRONEBREAKERS investigate the closed off hot springs and find a wrecked drone with a strange program named UNGOLIANT Blackwash Guidance System
* 1007 CrST // After taking a look inside the drone nexus, the THRONEBREAKERS learn there has been an outside signal transmitting to the nexus from the wetlands to control the UNGOLIANT program. A feral balor attack is triggered after a response from the other side of the connection
* 1015 CrST // THRONEBREAKERS succesfully fight off the feral balors. Looking into the logs, the precise location of the point of origin can be found. Communication logs reveal they have an underground hideout with a sniper overlooking the entrance 24/7. These are most likely the seven mysterious strangers ANOMALY learned of earlier.
* 1108 CrST // Team treks into the wetlands and succesfully eliminates the sniper
* 1111 CrST // THRONEBREAKERS engage and defeat a Centimane team. Investigations reveal that the Centimane was hired by Baronic Intelligence to investigate the UNGOLIANT Blackwash Guidance system against an 'acceptable target'. The purpose of the system is to reliable direct feral balors to a hostile force and make them do the fighting for you. The Centimane were to deliver the results to their employer, but this has been thwarted. One of their number (Callsign: VOCALS) succesfully escaped
* 1205 CrST // For reasons unknown, the defeat of the Centimane triggered a huge swarm of nanites to wash over the Ukathe wetlands. THRONEBREAKERS succesfully engage and defeat its source (Callsign: MAW) before returning Ukathe to wrap up loose ends
* 1235 CrSt // THRONEBREAKER return to the spaceport and then head out again to meet with the mayor and the augur. REVENANT gets shot for some reason.
# Ukathe, Hadii // 30.3.5016u
* Crew departs from Ukathe towards Maseca