# Mission // #003
## Operation Grand Slam

HEPHAISTOS and MANEKI-NEKO have both marked the capital ship PCV-L "Kingmaker"  007738 as one of great value to us, if could be infiltrated. The ship contains cutting edge Schedule II 3D printers that would significantly increase our operational capacity and MANEKI-NEKO has a virus that, if plugged directly into HA's central database, could yield a wealth of confidential information. Up until now, this was just a pipe dream. 

We have been contacted by Voladores that have requested a meeting with the THRONEBREAKERS Squadron specifically. They claim they have a way in and out of the ship for us, but they will likely have something in exchange. Their bazaar ship is in free space near New Madrassa, which is near where the capital ship is currently located. 

Voladores have strange rules and etiquette for their trade deal. We have documented these and sent a guide on them to your slate. Please peruse it during your travel towards their ship. 

# Goals
- Travel to the Volador Bazaar Ship, the Bajamesa, and see what they want.
- If their deal is favorable, infiltrate the HA PCV-L "Kingmaker" 007738
    - Steal a manufactering chip for their newest schedule II 3D printer
    - Plant MANEKI-NEKO's "Madrassan_Horse.exe" into their database without being detected.
- Uphold whatever deal you've made with the Vols. They have access to powerful artifacts. Remaining in their good graces is beneficial to us.

# Stakes
- Without the printer we will have a harder time arming our people for conflict.
- If you are found out you are likely to be captured
- Being able to keep track of HA's plans and troop movements with Madrassan_Horse.exe will be a tremendous aid in our plans

# Reserves
- Anything you bring with you from base
- Anything you can get from the Vols

# OpFor
- The amount of hostiles on the base will be too numerous for you to take head on. If conflict does erupt you will need to finish the fight quickly and keep moving
- Harrison Armory mechs favor energy weapons and experimental paracausal tech.