# Mission // #004
## Exhuming The Dead

Ever since our previous mechanized squadron, HOMEWRECKERS, was crushed by Harrison Armory's crisis response team the Hadii Ungratefuls cells has been on the back foot. Accordingly, our sponsor reduced our cash flow. We have now picked up steam again, but nonetheless our requests for more funding has been denied.

More people have been flocking to join our cell, but we do not have the means to arm them all. AEGIS has identified a possible solution. During the KTB's takeover of DS 2 resistance was fierce. They seeded countless bunkers throughout the planet's sprawling tunnels and filled them with arms and armor, so that if one bunker fell they might simply fall back to the next. Most of these bunkers have been cleared out by the House of Stone, but according to these ancient maps some still remain. 

For this mission, you must travel to Maseca and crack open one of these ancient bunkers

# Goals
- Travel Maseca and make landfall. The House of Stone guards their planet jealously and we do not have clearance, so you might encounter resistance.
- Travel through Maseca's tunnel network to the bunker. You might encounter local wildlife and the bunkers have automated security forces
- Take as much of the supply cache as you can and exfiltrate the planet. 

# Stakes
- Without the printer our military strenght will suffer for lack of supplies

# Reserves
- Anything you bring with you from base

# OpFor
- You might encounter the Crimson Memory, which is the House Company of the House of Remembrance. They favor ambush and stealth tactics, support by mechs with a powerful tachyon lance in their backline. 
- You might encounter devoradores, giant predatory worms, that burrow through the planet. They  repelled by high pitched vibrations.
- The bunker itself will have some measure of automated security, involving turrets and RPVs.

# Additional Notes
- Maseca's surface is extremely hot during days and cold during the night. Sandstorms scour both the surface and its tunnels. Both are intense enough to even affect your mechs.