# Mission // #005
## Wildlife Control

GOLDEN FELLOW has learned that a small city here on Hadii, Ukathe, has been plagued by wild Balor attacks. So far the Balors attack travellers going in or out of the city, consume infrastructure and have even appeared within the city itself. So far Harrison Armory has either been unwilling or unable to stop the attacks. 

Additionally, there have been rumors of figures clad in robes and power armor in the forests near Ukathe. Whether these are connected to the Balors is unknown.

# Goals
- Travel to the Ukathe and investigate the balor attacks
- Find the source of the Balors and destroy it.
- Harrison Armory lack of action over the matter is strange and warrants further investigation.

# Stakes
- If the attacks continue unabated it will lead to more deaths and the eventual evacuatin of Ukathe
- Beyond moral concerns of this simply being the right thing to do, succeeding where the Armory has failed will be a significant boost to our popularity.
- If we leave Harrison Armory to resolve the matter it will boost the public perception that the Armory keeps people safe.

# Reserves
- Anything you bring with you from base

# OpFor
- Balors are slow, but powerful mechs that use powerful nanite swarms to regenerate damage and consume everything nearby them. Expect them to be accompanied by other types of nanites as well.

# Additional Notes
- Attached to this mission you'll find a report on the Balor and the Maw. Consult it on the matter of wild Balors at your leisure.